README.md, before:

# Hi there, I am Vinicius - aka [Kako][website] 💻

## Get to know a little bit about me:

I have become a Javascript full stack web developer in 2018. Before I used to work in the backend using Ruby On Rails.
<img alt="Ruby" width="20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/ruby/ruby.png" />
<br />
I have an Information Systems degree, but I am mostly self-taught when it regards to web development. <br />
I am able to unify both my formal education and my self-taught developer experience to make people's life easy.
<br />

## Some Curiosities About Me

1. 🌱 I’m able to learn everything
1. ❤️ My favorite stack is MERN
1. 🥅 Goals: Contributing more to open source projects
1. 🏄 Hobbies: Skateboarding, surfing, drawing and making/having tattoos
1. ⛰️ I worked as a mountain guide in Torres del Paine - Chile in 2018
1. 🎒 I am also a professional backpacker and hitchhicker
1. ⚽ Funny fact: I play football hundred times better than you 🤣 😂
1. 🤔 According to [16Personalities](https://www.16personalities.com/), I am an Advocate Personality, along with Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela, Mother Teresa and Marie Kondo!
   <br />

## Reach me at

[<img align="left" alt="vinifolio" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="viniciuscerqueirabonifacio | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="kako77sub | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]
[<img align="left" alt="kako77sub | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="kako77sub | Gitlab" width="22px" src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/ip3/about.gitlab.com.ico"/>][gitlab]
<br />

## Languages and Tools

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />
<br />
<br />
<details>
  <summary>:zap: GitHub Stats</summary>
  <img align="left" alt="Vinicius's Github Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vinicius77&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&show_icons=true&hide_border=true" />
</details>
<br />

## Latest blog posts

- [Webpack FUNdamentals](https://dev.to/vinicius77/webpack-fundamentals-2po8)
- [Ruby Basics](https://dev.to/vinicius77/ruby-basics-i6e)
- [Gatsby Trash Course (Part 1)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/gatsby-trash-course-1-3-5ca5)
- [Regex - underrated or overHATED? Part 3/3](https://dev.to/vinicius77/regex-underrated-or-overhated-part-3-3-1hdi)
- [Regex - underrated or overHATED? Part 2/3](https://dev.to/vinicius77/regex-underrated-or-overhated-part-2-3-3ggi)
- [Regex - underrated or overHATED? Part 1/3](https://dev.to/vinicius77/regexp-underrated-or-overhated-part-1-3-2fg7)
- [Next.js Trash Course (Part 3)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/next-js-trash-course-part-3-3-3igc)
- [Next.js Trash Course (Part 2)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/next-js-trash-course-part-2-3-3115)
- [Next.js Trash Course (Part 1)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/next-js-trash-course-part-1-3-2dlb)
- [React + Typescript === "headache"](https://dev.to/vinicius77/react-typescript-headache-424g)
- [Building a restful API using Deno (Part2)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/building-a-restful-api-using-deno-part2-5eo2)
- [Building a restful API using Deno (Part1)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/building-a-restful-api-using-deno-part1-pc1)
- [Building a restful API using Deno (Intro)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/building-a-restful-api-using-deno-intro-1o96)
- [Deno is not here to replace Node](https://dev.to/vinicius77/deno-is-not-here-to-replace-node-nmd)

[website]: https://vinicius-portfolio.herokuapp.com/
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/kako77sub
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/viniciuscerqueirabonifacio/
[twitter]: https://www.twitter.com/kako77sub
[gitlab]: https://gitlab.com/vinicius771

Commit message:

fix(read-me): update about me section

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I am Vinicius - aka [Kako][website] 💻

## Get to know a little bit about me:
A JavaScript Team Lead with a passion for experimenting with new tech before bringing it to production. When I'm not coding, you can find me on the football pitch or tinkering with my latest fixer-upper project.

In my free time, I'm currently learning Go and looking for new challenges. My tech stack is pretty versatile, with expertise in React, Redux, Redux Sagas, and Redux Form. I'm also familiar with Firebase and have acquired a Google Cloud Platform Digital Leader certification in 2024.

If you're looking for someone to chat about coding or football, or just want to collaborate on a project, let's connect!

## Some Curiosities About Me

1. 🌱 I’m able to learn everything
1. ❤️ My favorite stack is MERN
1. 🥅 Goals: Contributing more to open source projects
1. 🏄 Hobbies: Skateboarding, surfing, drawing and making/having tattoos
1. ⛰️ I worked as a mountain guide in Torres del Paine - Chile in 2018
1. 🎒 I am also a professional backpacker and hitchhicker
1. ⚽ Funny fact: I play football hundred times better than you 🤣 😂
1. 🤔 According to [16Personalities](https://www.16personalities.com/), I am an Advocate Personality, along with Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela, Mother Teresa and Marie Kondo!
   <br />

## Reach me at

[<img align="left" alt="vinifolio" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="viniciuscerqueirabonifacio | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="kako77sub | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]
[<img align="left" alt="kako77sub | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="kako77sub | Gitlab" width="22px" src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/ip3/about.gitlab.com.ico"/>][gitlab]
<br />

## Languages and Tools

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />
<br />
<br />
<details>
  <summary>:zap: GitHub Stats</summary>
  <img align="left" alt="Vinicius's Github Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vinicius77&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&show_icons=true&hide_border=true" />
</details>
<br />

## Latest blog posts

- [Webpack FUNdamentals](https://dev.to/vinicius77/webpack-fundamentals-2po8)
- [Ruby Basics](https://dev.to/vinicius77/ruby-basics-i6e)
- [Gatsby Trash Course (Part 1)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/gatsby-trash-course-1-3-5ca5)
- [Regex - underrated or overHATED? Part 3/3](https://dev.to/vinicius77/regex-underrated-or-overhated-part-3-3-1hdi)
- [Regex - underrated or overHATED? Part 2/3](https://dev.to/vinicius77/regex-underrated-or-overhated-part-2-3-3ggi)
- [Regex - underrated or overHATED? Part 1/3](https://dev.to/vinicius77/regexp-underrated-or-overhated-part-1-3-2fg7)
- [Next.js Trash Course (Part 3)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/next-js-trash-course-part-3-3-3igc)
- [Next.js Trash Course (Part 2)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/next-js-trash-course-part-2-3-3115)
- [Next.js Trash Course (Part 1)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/next-js-trash-course-part-1-3-2dlb)
- [React + Typescript === "headache"](https://dev.to/vinicius77/react-typescript-headache-424g)
- [Building a restful API using Deno (Part2)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/building-a-restful-api-using-deno-part2-5eo2)
- [Building a restful API using Deno (Part1)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/building-a-restful-api-using-deno-part1-pc1)
- [Building a restful API using Deno (Intro)](https://dev.to/vinicius77/building-a-restful-api-using-deno-intro-1o96)
- [Deno is not here to replace Node](https://dev.to/vinicius77/deno-is-not-here-to-replace-node-nmd)

[website]: https://vinicius-portfolio.herokuapp.com/
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/kako77sub
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/viniciuscerqueirabonifacio/
[twitter]: https://www.twitter.com/kako77sub
[gitlab]: https://gitlab.com/vinicius771
